refactor readme file (#145)
wso2/choreo-samples: chat-service-websocket/readme.md

bal run
```

Install wscat client.

```shell
npm install -g wscat
```

> Invoke the API by executing the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To invoke the API, execute the following command:
```

> To invoke the API, by execute the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To invoke the API, execute the following command:
```
